Controlling EIP
Our next task is to control the EIP
register.
To do this, we must identify which four
bytes in our buffer end up overwriting
the vulnerable function return address.
We’ll use the Metasploit
msf-pattern_create script
to create a unique buffer string.
To keep our buffer length consistent
during the exploit development process,
we’ll specify a pattern length of 4,379
bytes.
Let’s add this unique string to our next
proof of concept.
This pattern will be sent to crossfire
instead of our string of A’s.
Let’s run this proof of concept and find
out which bytes overwrite EIP.
As expected, crossfire has crashed.
This time, EIP has been overwritten with
bytes from our unique pattern.
After noting this value, we'll restart
crossfire and EDB once again.
Now let's find out where those four bytes
occur in our pattern.
Passing the 4 hex bytes to
msf-pattern_offset
tells us that the pattern was found at
offset 4368.
To confirm this offset, we update the
crash variable in our proof-of-concept
to cleanly overwrite EIP with four “B”
characters.
Now we’ll run this script and hopefully
verify our control over EIP.
Excellent, EIP is cleanly overwritten
with our four ‘B’ characters.